very rear way guys oh hey I'm gonna man
yeah yes you are
Krauts kick ass don't they they do the
job but I thought your squad was fool I
was gonna join your squad and yeah it's
too bad I know it was making new
squatter no no we don't want to next
time we'll okay yeah okay how's it how's
your fourth guys good or yeah not really
he's he's a level 100 colonel okay so
that's pretty good yeah yeah I bet he
has a mouth does he is he a map guy -
god no I don't okay yeah my squad uh we
offline maps yeah we're called the math
squad
that sounds weird yeah like four Mavs
coming at you it's it's insane it's hey
you should probably get back to the mat
right yeah yeah so we'll catch you soon
yeah they need you to get back there oh
yeah how are you doing sir Oh doing good
man kill number 50 we just started the
game yeah how about you guys
I just got out of the loadout screaming
yeah we just just a quick question sir
how does one get to where you're at
prioritize prioritize like what like why
do you guys have jobs yeah I mean
they're both wrong answers lose the jobs
number two sex you guys having some well
yeah I mean wrong answer sex equals -
kills no sex + kills I never looked at
it that way yeah how much how much sex
do you have none battlefields my pussy
you got a shit bucket I'm sorry yeah
shit bucket I don't I'm not sure I
follow go to the bathroom
you're not playing Battlefield you're
shitting in a bucket you're playing
Battlefield I can't believe we didn't
think of that
so so you have a pile of shit under you
right now yes man the fuck up guys whoa
hey who killed this guy I did hey check
out this kit this guy has oh wow this is
an m26 Dart
no don't do it this is like a gun right
now this is soldier there's no honor in
killing a man with a glich gun yesterday
I took down an attack chopper with a
knife I stopped you stop looking at snot
you're not gonna take it away from don't
fucking do this again lose your shit
whenever you get a badass weapon you're
losing your shit right now you need our
squad okay I'm already a medic and we
need you as an engineer it's all about
the team vehicles everywhere now we got
two medics and just one of us is more
badass than the other guys we're wasting
time I'm out of here
we're right behind you sir are you guys
honestly slowing me down so you just
want to go rogue you know what as a
matter of fact I do want to go rogue
alright so why don't you guys just leave
try to do something fucking useful for
once if you're gonna be this way fuck
you you're on your own
dickhead you know I don't need you guys
I don't need you guys and I never needed
you guys because I had an m26 tart named
26 dark